1) About the problem:

What is the problem?

    Bank fraud is the use of potentially illegal means to obtain money, assets, or other property owned or held by a financial institution

    It reveals that fraud is costing the global economy £3.89 trillion, with losses rising by 56% in the past decade. — Crowe UK(Accounting firm)


Types of fraud

    Businesses can sometimes overstate sales or profits to make the company seem worth more than it is, this is known as accounting fraud

    Fraudsters can copy clients' credit card numbers and then use the card for themselves

    They can even impersonate the client to access their cards and account and then use up stored money, this is known as identity theft

    Fraudsters can also forge offical documetns (eg. increasing the amount of moeny in a cheque) for financial gain


2)The Solution:


What is a fraud detection system? 

    The system identifies the pattern and strategies through machine learning, statistical analysis, and 
    behavior monitoring to prevent frauds. The fraud detetcion system stops any fraudulent activity 
    before any damage occurs. 

How is this inplemented in the banking sector? 

    These systems are implemented by the machine learning from the provided dataset without any human 
    assistance. This can help reduce damage such as loss of personal information . 

How will this solve the problem? 

    In the banking sector, these systems can help combat and defeat application fraud by detecting 
    illicit activity early in the process and prevent maximum damage. 



3) How does AI help in making this possible:

    Generally, banks use superwisied learning machine algorithms. A former already annotated data — 
    reviewed and labeled as fraud activity by a human — to learn patterns in datasets provided 
    by a business. 
	Former is a machine automatically learning from existing data Without being assisted by human 
    beings.

    AI can help by creating a profile for each client the bank by recording the past actions of the client. the Ai then uses this model to deermine the plausibility of recent transactions.
