Methodology:

So far we have collected the relevant data needed to train and test the model, so now we need to create the model. 

To build a sign language to text model, we first need an algorithm that will act as the foundation from which the program can be coded. 


There are many algorithms that we can choose from:

1. Neural Networks
2. Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)
3. Multi Layer Perceptron (MLP)


Neural Network:
A neural network is a code that is supposed to replicate the human brain's thought process, inspired by the neurons of the brain, hence the name.
It is a set of algorithms to recognize and classify data given from information on a given database.
This is a very common way of classifying images or text and has many different uses in many different industries.
The way it works is a code has an input layer, where the data is given. Then there are hidden layers. There could be just one or there could be many. After going through these layers, an output is produced.
This is structured to replicate the neurons in a brain.


CNN:
Neural networks are a part of machine learning and an especially important part of deep learning algorithms.
Concolutional neural networks, or CNNs in particular are superior to regular neural networks in terms of processing performance of analysing any image, speech or audio inputs.
The CNN is also made up of three seperate layers: a convolutional layer, a pooling layer and a fully connected (FC) layer. This allows to have three dimensions, which are height, width and depth of the input. With each layer in the CNN, the complexity oncreases which allows it to identify larger portions of an image until the image is recognised.



MLP:
A multilayer perceptron is also an algorithm to help classification. 
It is also a neural network and follows the same structure as one.
1. An input layer
2. A hidden layer
3. An output layer
In an MLP, there is only one hidden layer but in Neural Networks or CNN's, there can be many.

After reviewing each algorithm, we have decided to use the CNN. This is because of its superior prcessing power and multiple layers that allow for more complex processing. This would be helpful
realistically, as the hand signals made by the users may not always be perfectly clear. We believe that the CNN would be abkle to distinguish different hand signals more 
effectively

Method:
1.) Collect the relevant data and sort it into a dataset. Make sure the data is useable and accurate.
2.) Using the Cnn algorithm, write the code for identifying different hand gestures and converting them into text.
