Methodology

We have found references needed to create the model,
so we are few steps closer to building it.

We first need an algorithm that will act as the foundation from which the program can be coded.
The algorithm we will be using is Neural Network algorithm.

There are different types of Neural Network Classifications, for example:

Deep Neural Networks (DNN)
Convolution Neural Networks (CNN)
Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN)

Convolution Neural Network:

An image data processing deep learning algorithm called a convolutional neural network (CNN) was created for this purpose.
In order to recognize and process images, complicated neural networks are used.
The frontal lobe of the human brain, which is the area of the brain in charge of processing visual stimuli, 
is represented by the neural networks in a CNN.
The advantages of convolutional neural networks include:

They can detect important features without human supervision 
It has the highest accuracy amongst image detection algorithms
It is easy to understand and implement.

Recurrent Neural Network:

A recurrent neural network (RNN) is an artificial neural network that uses sequential or time-series data to solve problems
in speech recognition and language translation. 

RNNs have been used in:

Language translation
Natural language processing
Speech recognition
Image captioning

The connections between nodes in recurrent neural networks create directed or undirected graphs across a temporal series.
RNNs are the most effective neural networks for machine learning tasks using sequential input since these neurons contain an internal memory.

Deep Neural Network:

A deep neural network (DNN) is an artificial neural network consisting of multiple layers between the input and output layers. 
These layers could be recurrent neural network layers or convolutional layers making DNN’s a more sophisticated machine learning algorithm.
DNNs are capable of recognizing sound, creative thinking, recognizing voice commands, and analysis. 

DNN is a type of machine learning algorithm that learns through repetitive action from many samples.
When you feed a computer with a piece of information, the DNN sorts the data based on its elements, for example, the pitch of a sound. 
The data is passed through successive layers until it can accurately determine the type of sound made in the data.
The model then receives feedback on the correct answer which strengthens its learning process






