1. What is the problem?

    Educational institutes (schools, colleges, universities) often have an official website where parents and students would oftentimes visit with queries and/or
    complaints. Oftentimes the website may prove too difficult to navigate and/or confusing, otherwise the website would redirect the parents/students to a phone
    call with the school's receptionists. However, in the latter case, it adds more duties to the hands of the receptionists and makes it more difficult to answer
    numerous calls. Another problem is that parents and students may not want to call for various reasons. It may also be very inconvenient for studdents and
    parents to be put on hold when they call.
    
    
    
2. What is the solution?

    A probable solution could be the implementation of chatbots, especially in cases where the educational institution's administration is not available for
    students and parents 24/7. Utilizing a chatbot, in this scenario, would mean that students and parents will no longer have to wait on hold for human assistance.
    A chatbot can provide all relevant information on being asked a single question. Not only does it effectively eliminate the need for phone calls and any
    potential issue it may pose for students/parents (eg. not wanting to talk due to sore throat), it also decreases the responsibilities of receptionists.
    


3. How can ai be utilized to solve this problem?

    Predictive ai in conversation makes it much faster to respond, as well as being highly effective. It saves the institute's staff from having more work to do,
    as well as also effectively and fluently communicating with parents aand students. The ai can be utilized to provide professional and informative solutions to
    the problems of parents and students in constructive responses.
    


4. What are the different kinds of chatbots?

    There are rule-based and self-learning chatbots. Rule-based chatbots host a sequence of pre-determined rules on which it was initially trained in order to
    answer customer queries. Unfortunately, this approach is very limited and unable to answer more diverse queries. In direct contrast, the self-learning
    chatbot offers a variety of responses to different questions and can oftentimes provide better answers for more complicated queries/requests. The latter
    option is the one which we have decided to go with for this project, as it is more useful and diverse in answers.
    
    Self-learning bots can be further divided into two categories – retrieval-based or generative. 
    
    The retrieval-based chatbot functions on predefined input
    patterns and set responses. Once the question/pattern is entered, the chatbot uses a heuristic approach to deliver the appropriate response. The
    retrieval-based model is extensively used to design goal-oriented chatbots with customized features like the flow and tone of the bot to enhance the
    customer experience.
    
    Unlike retrieval-based chatbots, generative chatbots are not based on predefined responses – they leverage seq2seq neural networks (sequence to sequence
    is a special class of "Recurrent Neural Network" architectures that is typically used for solving complex language problems like Machine Translation,
    Question Answering, creating Chatbots, Text Summarization, etc.). This is based on the concept of machine translation where the source code is translated
    from one language to another language. In seq2seq approach, the input is transformed into an output.
    
    We came to the conclusion that a retrieval-based chatbot would be more suitable for an educational institute due to the fact that they tend to be more
    goal oriented and that they contain customized features like the flow and tone fo the bot.



6. What are some similar examples/projects of ai chatbots?

    find different projects related to chatbot



5. What is the methodology involved in creating this ai?

    After doing some research, we were able to come across a python library dedicated to the creation of chatbots. The library is called "chatterbot". It works
    well with AI in training and testing. With the research we have completed, we believe the proper methodology for creating this bot would be:
        1. 
